and they're up and cokes Chelsea was off
slowly a link also off a step slow with
Seattle made here and they pass us now
for the first time one of it fine is ask
for runner early eloquent minister is
right there and in between horses some
romance
so those three now will vie for the
early lead stops up he's come out
running in fourth position peak way is
now fifth or the inside a firm classic
is running in sixth position early Darby
shuffle has come away racing seventh the
Calumet filly Lea Lucinda is now eight
Seattle meteor now goes to the outside
for clear running then it's approved to
fly toward the rail open mind is next
and she is better than 15 links off the
lead copes Chelsea a long shot lags
behind as they continue up the
backstretch moving over to the half-mile
Pole it is still eloquent Minister
holding on to the lead by LinkedIn the
half one of a client on the outside some
romances now a third Gary Stevens asking
him for more and run now and she's
moving through in between horses then
farther back stocks up now is asked for
more run free furlongs from the wire
seat Quay is now kept close to the face
just for to have links off the lead as
they move midway around the far turn
then it's Darby shuffle mix then farther
back Seattle meteor is launching her pit
for the back of the pack of firm classic
Leah Lucinda is moving to the outside
now at the field turns for home
some romance now it's sent through an
opening tore the inside seed way
now set for the driving darks to the
inside on the far outside Seattle meteor
closing in Lee Ellison is also right
there open mine is moving through
approved apply is also right there and a
burn classic it is wide open anyone for
a starving shuffle moving into
contention to play open did you watch
during the race I watched all three of
my fillies I knew that the way the track
was playing the front-running Phillies
were going to have some problems and
open mind I knew she'd come from behind
whether she'd have enough to win it or
not I don't know but angel Gabriel
sensational ROG look look back in the
pack look at care Daryl look at him come
look at him come between horses as
nobody does it'd be better than Angel in
this situation there he goes he's he's
got him moving and she is a sensational
filly
she almost beats some romance last time
out and I think she's now the best
two-year-old filly in the countries he's
beaten the best the terrific feel the
horses and I'm very excited to be up
here with you gentlemen once again fifth
time for you thank you very much okay